'Did Neeson star in Schindler\'s List?'
Did Swank win the oscar in 2000?
Is the Shining by Kubrik?
Did a French actor win the oscar in 2012?
Did a movie by Spielberg with Neeson win the oscar for best film?
Who directed Hugo?
Which is the scary movie by Kubrik with Nicholson?
Who won the oscar for the best actor in 2005?
Which actress won the oscar in 2012?
Who directed the best movie in 2010?
What is the capital of Spain?
Which actress won the oscar for the movie Still Alice?
Which actors won more than one oscar?
Where was the best actress for the movie StillAlice born?
Where was the best actress in 2015 born?
Which oscar winners were born in Italy?
Did the best actor in 2010 born in USA?
What is the genre of The Hangover?
When was The Hangover released?
When was the American comedy The Hangover released?
Who directed The Hangover?
Who acted in The Hangover?
Who directed Frozen?
Is Rome the capital of Italy?
Is France in Europe?
Is the Pacific deeper than the Atlantic?
Which countries have a border with France?
Which is the highest mountain in the world?
Where is the highest mountain?
Which is the deepest ocean?
Is K2 taller than Makalu?
Which continent has the highest population?
Did Madonna sing Papa Do Not Preach?
Does the album Thriller include the track Beat It?
Which album by Beyonce was released in 2014?
Which pop artist sings Crazy In Love?
Where was Gaga born?
Does the track Aura appear in Artpop?
Which album by Swift was released in 2014?
What is the genre of the album Thriller?
Which artist released the album 1989?
Which pop singer was born in Miami in 1958?
When was Crazy in Love released?
Is Jurassic Park the best movie in 2005?
Does France lie in Australia?
Does Canada lie in Australia?
Does France lie in Europe?
Does Canada lie in North America?
Is Ottawa a city of Slovenia?
What is the depth of Arctic Ocean?
When was the track Welcome to New York released?
When was the track Be With You released?
Did Neeson star in Jurassic World?
Is Jurassic World the best movie of 2005?
Did Neeson star in Avatar?
Which actor was born in Miami?
Which singer was born in Miami?
